Dear Gadgeter

It was long time ago when we bought our wonderful GadgetLabs WavePro cards.
And if I may say so, they are serving us very well.

Of course everybody still remembers the feeling when GadgetLabs went out of business... ej those were sad times.
And when others were celebrating the arrival of XP and its stability, we the Gadgeters were left on
a dry and rocky road.
 
Luckily the yahoo group was and still is the place where good people meet.
And after a lot of GadgetLabs love words, we decided that we have to do something about it and that we
won't go down without a fight. But as every up has its down and we got shocked when the price for the XP
driver was returned. That almost destroyed all the hope living in us.

But then a young chap (me :) ) came and said... "That can't be so hard to make. It's just a program nothing more."
So a crusade was lunched where even the ex-Gadgetlabs employees started helping and the whole yahoo group
was moving as one.

Then after creating completely new tool (ida2sice plugin) that enabled us to reverse engineer the Win98 driver the
results started to show and we got lower latency with ASIO driver and better stability as some bugs were fixed.

So we were building and rebuilding again until more than a year later the GadgetLabs XP driver made its
first noise. It was a pure sin sound, but it was like a symphony to our ears. Of course our bellowed driver had its
child years where blue screens were seen every now and then, but we all knew that it will just get better and better.

Years passed and we were all happy with XP-driver combo, but then Microsoft pulled the plug and we were again on
a dry and rocky road. It showed us the 64bit Windows 7 smiling with those white teeth and inviting us to join it,
but we didn't want to go without our bellowed GadgetLabs cards.

But then a not so young chap (yeah 8 years passed :) ) came and said... "That can't be so hard to make.
It's just a 64 bit program nothing more." And the crusade started again. ;)

So I give you the new and shiny 32/64 bit Gadgetlabs Wavepro series driver for XP, Vista and Windows 7. Yeay. :)



Now I would like to tell you another story that is living in me. :)

It was some 5 years ago, even between writing the GadgetLabs XP driver, I came across a theory that inspired
me to think deeper and wider than before. So I started reading and reading and a small idea was born.
That idea then became a dream which grew and grew in me.
So I read everything I could, made all kind of simulations and now I would like to make this dream a reality. :)

After a little more then a year trying to save money to buy the main part of the dream device, I realized that I can't make it on my own.
So I'm asking you for a little help.

For that I prepared some pictures which are part of the driver's package... look into "Help me with my dream" folder.
The pictures show simulation of a special kind of homopolar generator and for that to become a reality I need a special kind of a motor:
http://www.etel.ch/Torque_Motors  ->  http://www.etel.ch/documents/showFile.asp?ID=776

Unfortunately this motor is really rare and really expensive. It costs around 3500eur and that is a lot of money for me.

I know that asking for money is always a problem, but I hope that you can donate something as an appreciation for the 
years I've given into to GadgetLabs driver.

As none of us lives like a king I would humbly ask you for:
• 15eur or 20usd for the new driver and
• an arbitrary value for the dream in me
  (15 eur or 20 usd would be good, but you can donate more if you think that the work it's been done deserves it ;) )

eur: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=FHDX7FJ8AC4MN

usd: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=N8XQN6DLNLLSU


Thank you and God bless.
Yours truly Waldemar the Super Mostek man ;)
